Group Members:
Nathan Williams
Prasheeth Venkat Kumar
Cameron Stanley
Tim Williams

Nathan:
Data Set - Esport Subreddit Comments from Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/emstatsl/esport-subreddit-comments

Description: A collection of the last 10,000 comments on E-Sport subreddits. Contains the attitude of the comment and the comments themselves.

Potential Customers: Esports Organizations

Problem that is solved: Data can be analyzed to determine public attitude towards different Esport games. This data can be used by ESport organizations to
                        determine what games would be most profitable  to put their focus on and to determine where they should be spending money. If a game's
                        popularity is declining, an ESports organization will be able to see this and pull out of that games ESports scene to save resources.
                        
Product Vision: For ESports Organizations who want to maximize profits and popularity in the ESports industry, the ESport Popularity Analyzer is a website that keeps track of 
                public popularity in various ESport games by analysing social media comments. AI is used to determine the attitude of the comment. From this, comments
                are given a positive/negative rating and compiled in order to determine if the general feelings towards a game is positive or negative. Data will be
                compiled into a clean and easy to understand UI that breaks down what games are trending. Unlike private company owned data analyzers, ESport Popularity
                Analyzer will be available to any organization that would find it useful (even small organizations) instead of being private to one organization. It will be
                useful because it will allow more teams to compete in games that viewers want to see. This will make the viewers happier and will provide more 
                entertainment to them.   

Major Features: - Number of mentions per game, per day is displayed
                - Positivity rating is assigned to every game
                - Shows history of both mentions and positivity rating
                - A clean and easy to use UI
                  
Prasheeth:
Dateset: Most played Spotify tracks in recent years from Kaggle

Description: A dataset that reflects various attributes of the most popular spotify songs such as genre, danceability, energy, etc. 

Customer: Music record label companies.

Problem solved the proposed project: Music label companies can use the provided insight to sign new artists who have the trajectory and potential to a successful and profitable music career. 

Product vision: 
For Music record labels Who want to increase their profits and expand their audience base, 
Deep Music Dive is a web-based product that provides insight towards upcoming trends and artists using graphs, charts, and other power visualizations of data. 
The data will be displayed in an intuitive UI for easier understanding of large amounts of data. Unlike other data analyzer organizations,
Deep Music Dive will provide unique data which can be accessed by multiple music record labels without being exclusive for one single company. 
Our product will help uncover obscure trends that provide deep perception about the music industry in a simplified and easy to understand manner.

How will this project be useful to society: As the Music label companies pick up new artists using the provided insight, society gets to explore new artists and enjoy more new music. 
Music labels give unknown artists a platform to express their music to a wider audience. Therefore, creating a win-win-win situation for the music label company, artist, and the audience.

Major Features: 
- Visualization of large amounts of data
- Provides impactful statistics
- Intiviute UI










                        
